Polkadot-Contract-Wizard evaluation (#823)
w3f/Grant-Milestone-Delivery: evaluations/polkadot_contract_wizard-1-ali-usama.md

# Evaluation

- **Status:** Accepted

> - **Application Document:
>   ** [Polkadot Contract Wizard](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/polkadot-contract-wizard.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Application Document:** [Polkadot Contract Wizard](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/polkadot-contract-wizard.md)
```

| 0d.    | Docker                                                       | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Docker](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard#a-with-docker)                     | Working fine after the recent fixes                                                                                                        |
| 1.     | Redesign frontend interface                                  | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Repo link](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1)               | Working as per application.                                                                                                                |
| 2.     | Develop the interface based on the previous task result      | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Repo link](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1)               | Working as per application                                                                                                                 |

> | 3.     | Compose the contract based on the selection                  | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Repo link](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1)               | Working as per application                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3.     | Compose the contract based on the selection                  | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [generator.ts](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/blob/8db1c96d4714aeb5efcf51bffc22f62daf9855cf/src/view/wizardView/Step2Compile/generator.ts)               | Working as per application                                                                                                                 |
```

> | 4.     | Add syntax highlighting to the displayed smart contract code | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Repo link](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1)               | Working as per application                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4.     | Add syntax highlighting to the displayed smart contract code | <ul><li>[x] </li></ul> | [Highlighter.tsx](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/blob/8db1c96d4714aeb5efcf51bffc22f62daf9855cf/src/view/components/third-party/Hightlighter.tsx)               | Working as per application                                                                                                                 |
```

## General Notes

> The code and repo are well-structured and documented. However, there are some minor issues that I must point out:
> 
> - It should be mentioned in the
>   documentation's [requirement](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1#b-local-stack)
>   section that it's also required to run a local substrate node for the app to function properly.
> - The import paths should be fixed in the `utils.test.ts` and `formatting.test.ts`, otherwise the 2 of the tests are
>   going to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deployed at https://polkadot-contract-wizard.vercel.app/
- The code and repo are well-structured and documented. However, there are some minor issues that I must point out:
  - It should be mentioned in the documentation's [requirement](https://github.com/protofire/polkadot-contract-wizard/tree/milestone-1#b-local-stack) section that it's also required to run a local substrate node for the app to function properly.
  - The import paths should be fixed in the `utils.test.ts` and `formatting.test.ts`, otherwise the 2 of the tests are going to fail.
```
